=head1 NAME

Config::Model::models::Dpkg::Control::Binary - Configuration class Dpkg::Control::Binary

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Configuration classes used by L<Config::Model>

=head1 Elements

=head2 Architecture

If a program needs to specify an architecture specification string in some place, it should select one of the strings provided by dpkg-architecture -L. The strings are in the format os-arch, though the OS part is sometimes elided, as when the OS is Linux. 
A package may specify an architecture wildcard. Architecture wildcards are in the format any (which matches every architecture), os-any, or any-cpu. For more details, see L<Debian policy|http://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-customized-programs.html#s-arch-spec>I<< Mandatory. Type string.  >> 

=head2 Multi-Arch

This field is used to indicate how this package should behave on a multi-arch installations. This field should not be present in packages with the Architecture: all field.I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'same', 'foreign', 'allowed'.  >> 

Here are some explanations on the possible values:

=over

=item 'allowed'

allows reverse-dependencies to indicate in their Depends field that they need a package from a foreign architecture, but has no effect otherwise.

=item 'foreign'

the package is not co-installable with itself, but should be allowed to satisfy the dependency of a package of a different arch from itself.

=item 'same'

the package is co-installable with itself, but it must not be used to satisfy the dependency of any package of a different architecture from itself.

=back



=head2 Section

I<< Optional. Type uniline.  >> 

=head2 Priority

I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'required', 'important', 'standard', 'optional', 'extra'.  >> 

=head2 Essential

I<< Optional. Type boolean.  >> 

=head2 Depends

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Recommends

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Suggests

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Enhances

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Pre-Depends

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Breaks

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Conflicts

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Provides

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Replaces

I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Built-Using

Some binary packages incorporate parts of other packages when built but do not have to depend on those packages. Examples include linking with static libraries or incorporating source code from another package during the build. In this case, the source packages of those other packages are a required part of the complete source (the binary package is not reproducible without them).

A Built-Using field must list the corresponding source package for any such binary package incorporated during the build, including an "exactly equal" ("=") version relation on the version that was used to build that binary package.

A package using the source code from the gcc-4.6-source binary package built from the gcc-4.6 source package would have this field in its control file:

     Built-Using: gcc-4.6 (= 4.6.0-11)

A package including binaries from grub2 and loadlin would have this field in its control file:

     Built-Using: grub2 (= 1.99-9), loadlin (= 1.6e-1)I<< Optional. Type list of uniline.  >> 

=head2 Package-Type - The type of the package, if not a regular Debian one

If this field is present, the package is not a regular Debian package, but either a udeb generated for the Debian installer or a tdeb containing translated debconf strings.I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'tdeb', 'udeb'.  >> 

Note: Package-Type is migrated with 'C<$xc>' and with $xc => "C<- XC-Package-Type>"

=head2 XC-Package-Type - The type of the package, if not a regular Debian one

If this field is present, the package is not a regular Debian package, but either a udeb generated for the Debian installer or a tdeb containing translated debconf strings.B<Deprecated> I<< Optional. Type enum. choice: 'tdeb', 'udeb'.  >> 

=head2 Synopsis

I<< Mandatory. Type uniline.  >> 

=head2 Description

I<< Mandatory. Type string.  >> 

=head2 XB-Ruby-Versions

indicate the versions of the interpreter
supported by the library. I<< Optional. Type uniline.  >> 

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<cme>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

=over

=item Dominique Dumont


=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

=over

=item 2010,2011 Dominique Dumont


=back

=head1 LICENSE

=over

=item LGPL2


=back

=cut

